1: Style swapping needs to be in.
 ^- Melee style (Needs a name)
   A: Passive buff
   B: Forward special
   C: Side special
   D: Back special
   E: Style special
 ^- Ranged style (Needs a name)
   A: Passive buff
   B: Forward special (In, needs new graphics/sounds)
   C: Side special (In, needs new graphics/sounds)
   D: Back special
   E: Style special
 ^- Trickster style (Needs a name)
   A: Passive buff (In, needs separated)
   B: Forward special
   C: Side special
   D: Back special (In, needs new graphics/sounds)
   E: Style special (In, needs new graphics/sounds)

2: Soul acquiring mechanic
 ^- Separate Shihong's bullets from Hae-Lin's
4: BFG9000 replacement
5: Gameplay mechanic for Triumph sword (What happens when you get higher ammo? What can you use it for?)
8: New HUD
9: Better names for Avenger/Enforcer/Rebellion
10: The trickster grapplebeam can lag people out when people teleport and go a long way away from the source. Is there a way to have the beam snap when teleporting?
11: Separate Hae-Lin's quotes from Shihong's
 ^- Find a voice actress
12: Separate Hae-Lin's pickups from Shihong's (Berserk, Megasphere)
13: Blursphere replacement
14: Allmap replacement
15: What to do with Rebellion? Dual-wielding is fun, and dual-wielding pistols in a stylish action game is kind of mandatory. But the current execution is very eehhh. The Striker is more accurate, the Avenger does more damage, and the Enforcer is faster, and tapping away rapidly at the keys to try and get the damage edge is clunky and unwieldy.
17: Spawning animation for guns.
 ^- Pickup sprites for weapons
18: Flashlight replacement for Shihong (night vision?)
19: A way to switch away from grenades before you throw them?
20: Polish up the jet thruster.
 ^- Buffer--doesn't just automatically turn on if you hold down Run at low values or if you alt-tab out.
 ^- More consistent jet sound.
 ^- Some kind of trail flowing around.
 ^- Fine-tune the values of speed/cost/recovery.
 ^- Adjust the recovery. Once you're on the ground again, it can recover steadily even if you jump?
 ^- The higher up your view is, the lesser the boost. Otherwise it's too easy for people to just fly straight up.
  ^- Make a smoother curve



3: Rehaul the Teleport/Dash entirely into a jet thruster.
6: Muzzle flash for Striker revolver (Two, one for normal shot and one for final shot)
7: Original sounds for low on health (look at Pres' submitted Marathon sounds, find source stock sounds)
16: 19 spawning sounds