Name: Sun Shihong
Birthdate: February 14th, 2119
Age: 27
Birthplace: Lamma Island, Hong Kong, China
Height: 5'8" (Increased height due to cybernetics)
Weight: 340lbs (Increased weight due to cybernetics)
Blood Type: O+
Family/Relatives: Sun Jinlong (Brother), Sun Benshan (Father), Sun Jiahui (Mother)
Occupation: Currently unemployed
Hobbies: Video games, sleeping
Guilty pleasure: Dating sims
Favorite Food: Pizza
Special Skill: Can do physical exercises endlessly without tiring
Favorite music: Progressive metal
Favorite bands: Dream Theater, Mekong Delta
Forte in Sports: Chess
Fighting Style: Tie Shou Dao (Way of the Iron Beast), Hao Qi Fa (Law of the Heroic Soul)

Possible voice actresses:
http://geeksotospeak.tumblr.com
https://www.fiverr.com/tamarabfritz/record-one-to-three-lines-of-voiceover
http://cassirollchan.tumblr.com/
SerenaMidori
ColonelCheru

Difficulties:
1: Best I Can // Queensryche
2: Among the Living // Anthrax
3: Into the Battle // Ensiferum
4: Never Surrender // Missing Tide
5: Ascending to Infinity // Luca Turilli
6: Welcome Home // King Diamond

[First draft story, needs a few fact-checks and tweaks]
Humanity has had brushes with the supernatural since the start of time, and for aeons they have been tormented, plagued, and afflicted by dark visitors from the depths of the abyss. The Tong Shi Zu rose in ancient China as an offshoot of a Buddhist monk temple, in order to address these threats. Several monks struck a deal with a neighboring warlord, trading for equipment, cannons, and firearms; by combining the power of this technology with spiritual enlightenment from their meditation and martial discipline, they were capable of identifying and destroying demonic presence.
In a few short years, a secret society across the nation of China was formed. They were dedicated to stalking the shadows, protecting humanity from the demons that preyed on the sins of mankind--as the yin spread its arms wide to envelop all, the yang would raise its blade to cut it down.

Sun Shihong and her brother Sun Jinlong were direct descendents of the founders of this clan. Being trained since childhood, Shihong was a natural in all fronts. She was drilled in the numerous martial, meditative, and weapon arts, and excelled among her peers. Her skill earned her the rank of Yongshi at a staggeringly young age of 15, allowing her to be dispatched by herself or with small spec-op cells of other Yongshi to take care of A-class or AA-class threats. And yet, even in such threatening situations, she continued to prosper, taking care of every scenario thrown at her with infallible skill and grace.
Unfortunately, such strength was a double-edged sword. Even though she was a vital asset to the clan, her clanmates felt shunned. Ignored. Or sometimes even threatened. As her skill grew, so did resentment of her.

It all came to a head when one mission went terribly awry. Shihong and several other clanmates were sent in order to seal a demonic rift threatening to open and leak demon lords into the world. Shihong thought it would be a typical mission--unbeknownst to her, though, both sides had been making deals with each other. Her teammates had gotten in contact with one lord, and by slaying Shihong and offering her up as a sacrifice, the lord would split her soul and distribute it among them, allowing them to have claim her power and talent for themselves.
Shihong suspected nothing. While she was attempting to seal the demonic rift, a knife thrust into her from behind. Whirling on the traitors, she attempted to fight back as they continued to cut into her--unfortunately the knife inside of her body and being vastly outnumbered took its toll on her, and she eventually went down. They rolled her on the ritual altar, utilizing her body as a conduit for the rift. She could feel her soul being ripped from her body, and then blackness enveloped her.

A few days passed. Jinlong was worried about her disappearance. It wasn't like her to abandon a mission out of thin air. And knowing his sister's power, there was no chance she would have fallen normally.
He set out to where she was deployed, tracking her down--and he found the scene of a slaughter. She was still on the altar, the knife embedded deep in her body. Her clanmates were lying around her, slain. And as was the demon lord they had hoped to curry favor with, who thought to take advantage of their weakness and be free of the deal.
His sister had been slain. By her own allies, nonetheless. Bits and pieces of her soul still floated around the room, ripped from her body by the demon lord.

Jinlong had never been especially close to his sister. Like others, he had grown resentful of her talent. He couldn't out-do her in martial arts, no matter how much he trained. But he did have a knack for the scientific and alchemical arts--enough so that he had branched out of the clan and start a biomedical and cybernetic development corporation named the Xian Feng Qi Ye. Under his guidance, the corporation quickly rose to the top of the medicine industry, and from there the wedge between his sister and him deepened.
Yet, upon seeing Shihong's body, emotions welled through him. He refused to let this be the end.

He gathered up her body and shipped her to a secret lab, where he could work on her in secret.
He could rebuild her. Jinlong started recreating her body bit by bit; replacing bone with metal, replacing organs with machinery, removing the destroyed tissue and applying synthetic materials instead, installing wiring throughout her body and hybridizing her brain with a computer. He reprogrammed everything he knew about her. And then using ancient Tong Shi Zu alchemy, the recovered remnants of her soul, and magic fueled by his personal memories, he created an artificial soul to power her engine.
After several years of grueling and emotional work, there was finally payoff.
Jinlong threw a switch, and then Shihong opened her eyes again.

She lived again. His sister was alive once more.
At least, so it seemed. Shihong was...different, now. While she was straight-laced and serious in life, now she was...lazy. The woman that previously burned with intensity now was...lethargic. What previously interested her now barely garnered a reaction out of her.
It was still undeniably her, as she had all of the memories, all of the familiar quirks and turns of phrase, and all of the forces of habit. But her personality had done a complete 180. She was lethargic.

...Still, she was still his sister, and now she was finally back.
And as much as he wanted nothing more to let her relax and never be in danger again, she still wanted to go out and hunt demons. Except this time, alone.



MISC NOTES:
The Xian Feng Qi Ye is an extremely successful company, easily the top developers in modern medicine. Jinlong's nearly-infinite funds allowed him to assist the Tong Shi Zu in secret by sending a fraction of all funds to them under the guise of charity. Now that Shihong is back, however, with evidence of betrayal from within, Jinlong's funds are all promptly shifted towards development and maintenance of her.

Skeleton is a coltan/titanium/tungsten hybrid alloy, which can withstands extreme temperatures (over 3k Celsius) while maintaining unbelievable durability.

All bullets are extensively customized, to the point where they technically can't be classified as bullets--containing miniature explosive charges at their tip to ensure maximum destructive ability upon hitting the target, a large enough calibur to the point where all guns must be expanded to larger size, spiralled heads to spin through the air to reduce drag, and faster flying speed with customized propellant mixture designed for hitting super-sonic targets. These can be likened to anti-aircraft-guns launching miniature flak shells designed for people.



GAMEPLAY FEATURES:
- Moves slower than Hae-Lin (outside of the mobility/defensive style)
- Teleports instead of dashes. Swings her a short distance instantly, and can do multiple in a row quickly, but don't travel as far or have as long a ghost duration.
- Unlike Hae-Lin, which swings the hwando as fast as she clicks, the attacks are slower and stronger. They use a beat-'em-up style attack chain, minor combo capabilities.
- Being that she's not an angel and her weapons are ordinary IRL weapons, she must reload. However, she has extended magazines and uses fast Goldeneye-style reloads, so they rarely break up the flow of combat. Holding alt-fire manually reloads the equipped weapon.
- Again, being that she's not an angel and her weapons are ordinary weapons, all of her weapons have a swap time.
- DMC-esque style swapping, allowing her to switch between three different fighting modes on the go.
- Soul meter refers to HER OWN SOUL, rather than absorbing the souls of enemies. Hitting enemies gives her more soul, rather than killing them, and shooting them gives less soul. While special moves burn off MUCH MORE soul, it's generally easier to gather.
- Flashlight does not activate a flashlight, but rather augments her vision to see in the dark instead. Her vision is augmented.

GAMEPLAY INSPIRATION:
- Kamen Rider G3 (From Kamen Rider Agito. In the presence of a supernatural menace, G3 was an extremely powerful armor and weapon system designed for use against targets of unknown abilities)
- Cyrax/Sektor (From Mortal Kombat. Cyborg ninja who balance their martial arts training with hi-tech weaponry and abilities)



WEAPON TYPES:
Shihong's weapons are handheld, straightforward, and designed to be concealed on her person before being whipped out. While all of them are incredibly powerful and damaging, being firearms extensively modified for use against beings infinitely more powerful then average humans, they're still easily capable of being whipped out and fired at a moment's notice and then sheathed away for the sake of grabbing something else. Or for swinging fists.

Fist: Fist (Welcome to the gun show. Shihong's assassination martial arts combined with her heavy cybernetics have left every single punch hitting with the force of a tank, if a tank had arms)
Magazine size: N/A
Attack: Primary fire is a simple five hit beat-'em-up combo--left jab, left jab, right punch, left hook, uppercut. Like Kharon, this is inherited by all weapons. Also like Kharon, holding down fire readies up for a special attack. Unlike Kharon, releasing hold does the next punch, allowing players to stall the combo. Alt-fire is a quick palm-thrust charged with electricity, blasting enemies with a 20m voltage blast, stunning them.

Chainsaw: 01-T "Triumph" (An ancient sword passed down from generation to generation through her family, fighting against evil even in ancient times. While it still retains its holy powers, modern technology has sleekened it, reforged it, and bolstered it to maintain a razor-sharp edge while still being light and flexible)
Magazine size: N/A
Attack: Swings the sword. Simple enough. Like the fists, the Triumph has a three-hit beat-'em-up combo, slash, reverse slash, thrust. The attacks of the fists and the Triumph are interchangeable, and can be used in between each other's chains for ever-increasing damage.

Pistol: 02-S "Striker" (A seven shot Magnum Research 45-70 revolver with a widened barrel, incredibly accurate)
Magazine size: 7
Attack: Fires an incredibly accurate bullet. Shots one through six are typical revolver shots, but the final shot (labeled 0th bullet) has a Doom Radys-esque sonic boom that gives it extra power and kick. Like the Acacia, it's a weapon best used for long-range. While not as fast, it more than makes up for it with extra punch.

Super Shotgun: 03-A "Avenger" (Extensively modified foldable shotgun--combat sights, accentuated stock, magazine-fed loading system filled with customized Hornet's Nest shells, all loaded with combination of smaller bullets and buckshot rounds)
Magazine size: 12
Attack: Fires a massive spray of bullets. Relatively inaccurate, but incredibly powerful. Fires three accurate bullets and three miniature buckshot shells, resulting in a massive spray of 30 pellets (three bullets + buckshot shells with 9 pellets each).

Rocket Launcher: 04-E "Enforcer" (Small grenades that fit in the palm of her hand but nonetheless pack a powerful punch over a wide area)
Magazine size: N/A
Attack: Tapping fire throws. Bounces off of walls and waits a little bit when they land, or explodes on contact with an enemy. Uses quake-style physics with a sharp arc and bouncing sounds, nick code from Samsara. Explosion is a shockwave of force expanding from the area. Holding fire does not reload (obviously), but instead preps grenade to lob farther.

Plasma Rifle: 05-R "Rebellion" (Dual DW Specialist custom pistols, extremely modified with extended magazines and heavier caliburs)
Magazine size: 26 (13 per pistol)
Attack: Fires an inaccurate bullet. Each fire alternates between the gun, and the firing rate is incredibly fast and spammable. A fairly straightforward weapon.

BFG9000: 00-D "Death" (Miniature walking battle-mech exosuit. Use Inventory summons a teleport to your location, which pops in with an explosion. Hitting Use near the mech will mount it and drive around. The mech hooks up to Shihong's soul meter and drains it, like the Iron Maiden does, but it also has no effect on health--when its shields are penetrated, getting hit with it drains from Shihong's soul instead of taking her health)
Magazine size: N/A
Attack: Driving around can crush enemies under its treads/feet. Primary fire are quad gatling guns. Secondary fire are a missile battery. Special attack gives a zoom in the specified direction, wrecking into and running over enemies.




STYLES:
Shihong is designed to be a more technical character, and swaps between different styles in order to accomodate the situation a little better. There are three main playing styles about Doom--close range, long range, and defensive play. These styles are swapped between with the "Next/Previous/Use Inventory" button, and swapping costs a little bit of soul.
Alt-fire and fire remain the same function--shoot with alt-fire and punch with primary fire. Instead, all of these styles give a passive buff while using them, and change what the special attacks do. While Shihong does not have alt-fire specials with the individual guns as Hae-Lin does, her alt-fire specials instead use the Style to a certain effect. Likewise, hitting Launch Attack activates a unique style feature, which costs much less but has a slight effect.


== Unity of Body (Melee):
The most straightforward of styles, Unity of Body is just about delivering damage and punching nerds. All special moves operate like Hae-Lin's specials with hand-to-hand attacks instead of the sword.

Passive buff: More melee damage (Red electric sparks on impact).
// Launch Attack: Swat projectiles away.
Alt-Fire Special: Reaches out and grabs for a decorative object, projectile, or an enemy. If one is nearby, it's picked up and held. The next attack button will throw it, dealing massive explosive damage as the enemy or object breaks. (Enemy-wise, only low-tier enemies can be picked up)
Forward Special: Dashing explosive punch.
Side Special: SPINNING LARIOT. Haggar would be proud.
Back Special: WARLOCK PUUUUUUUUUNCH.

== Clarity of Mind (Long range):
The long-range-focused style, Clarify of Mind accentuates the gun damage, giving an extra oomph for long-range encounters. All special moves use Shihong's on-board plasma launcher to annihilate everything.

Passive buff: More gun damage (Bullets get trails and have little explosive sparks).
// Launch Attack: Catches projectiles, adding extra slightly more damage to the next special move.
Alt-Fire Special: Drops a miniature plasma mine on the ground, obliterating anything that steps on or near it.
Forward Special: Charges up and launches a volatile plasma missile.
Side Special: Spreads arms wide and launches a series of miniature homing plasma missiles to annihilate the surrounding area.
Back Special: Lifts up arm and withholds a charge, before launching an explosive railgun. Pin-point accurate and rips through multiple enemies, but the explosion is not as broad as the forward special's.

== Harmony of Soul (Defensive):
A bit more of an intricate style, Harmony of Soul focuses on Shihong's defensive capabilities. Relying on her old ninjutsu training, as well as a solid-matter laser/light projector and overclocking her movement systems, Shihong can get out of a lot of rough situations with these tricks.

Passive buff: Player speed is increased, can grab on to walls with Crouch and hang there while in mid-air.
// Launch Attack: Flickers out of existence, becoming -SHOOTABLE momentarily.
Alt-Fire Special: Grappling hook
Forward Special: Summons a shield in place, which stays there and blocks enemies and enemy shots.
Side Special: Vanishes, dropping a bomb in place that delivers a point-blank AoE massive thrust of knock-back energy that throws everyone in range back.
Back Special: Engages cloaking device, becoming invisible for three to five seconds.