CHECKLIST FOR V0.75

Reduce gunsoul amount, halve the amount of souls given
<The_Riet> Term, not sure if you saw me mention it, but Legion's special is OP as fuck, you can just run up to a Cyber and stunlock him with it, killing him in seconds
<The_Riet> In fact, I cleared out the majority of one of the final rooms in that mapset, had a bunch of enemies, including a Cyber and a few Arch-viles, and what seemed like endless Pinkies, and it just cut through them like butter

<TerminusEst13> ...I should probably make it so that if the grenade hits the ceiling/floor, then the crucifix should spawn flat instead of vertical. Hmm.

PRIORITY:
1: Unique slashes when done mid-dash
18: Finish the specials for:
     ^ Acacia A-22
     ^ Kharon
     ^ Frosthammer
     ^ Omen
     ^ BALANCE
20: Adapt Testament shotgun system for the Omen and Chaingun
23: Secret skeleton difficulty. (Scroton is doing thipfffttthahahahahahahahaha yeah no he's not)
24: Test, test, test online.
25: Update the metal jukebox/in-game credits/in-game changelog.


WOULD BE NICE:
1: Messiah guitar (Sprites are done, need to rehaul the code)
2: New sprites for the Iron Maiden gauntlets. (The_Riet is doing this)
3: Player sprites (Gundere is doing this - "It could be around two more weeks before these babies are up to video game quality. [...] I'm back to knocking out several frames a night so hopefully it won't be too much longer. The absolute worst case scenario is March 1st, however I will not miss that deadline by a minute, even if I must draw with broken fingers.")
4: DevilDriver replacement for the Cyberdemon (Vinse is doing this)
6: Replacement sounds for other world objects, such as lifts, switches, and doors.
7: Casing ejection/smoke effects on the guns.
10: Cvar for zombies to drop their respective ammo type.












2: Spread PSSSSHHHHHTTTTT blood sound to other constantly-bleeding deaths.
3: Implement Shivers' new Idle Animation/Mancubus death/Priest death/Baron death and edit/implement Mike's BD AV death.
4: Dramatic sheathing for all Kharon-by-itself specials--if enemies are killed with this, they wait until the sheathing or until a timer ends before dying.
5: Better throwing sound for the Legion special.
6: Menudef edit to put "READ THIS" on main menu.
7: cvar that doesn't remove meter when damaged
8: Tutorial map // Nahhhhhhhhhh, it'd be better to make a retro game manual.
9: sounds for the lamps and torches, nick Smooth Doom's candle.
10: Cacolantern/Abaddon replacements drop Heretic Claw Orbs
11: Skulltag armor/health bonuses aren't being replaced in Invasion?
12: Remove colors on Iron Maiden shot impacts.
13: Infinite Ammo display for the Arrogant weapons, along with images of their "ammo" type.
14: leileilol: But U Need Explosin Gif's For R_DrawTrans 0 People So I Can See The Level Better On My Slow Computer With Less Black Pixel On My SCreen From The Smoke Trail's.
15: <OnePunch-Man> Yo Term I was wondering something, why are all the style levels in white?
<OnePunch-Man> Wouldn't it be easier to distinguish them if they had different colors
16: Include the rest of the new Hae-Lin intro sounds.
17: Armor bar of the Iron Maiden should be integrated with the HUD.
19: Polish up the uppercut sequence so that it can be used at resting points (gun at rest, holding fire, etc)
21: Use HorrorMovieGuy's bloodless sprites to do bloodless launches for the pinky and Nobles. // Turns out Pinky's already is fine?
22: Sentinel should fire in long bursts, rather than constantly.


5: Since Cacodemons are no longer in the mod, dead caco decorations should be replaced.
8: Redone font on main menu options, restart New Game with "Rock n' Roll".
9: Better skull for main menu select icon, current looks fucked beyond fuck.