CHECKLIST FOR V0.8

Insulting death messages when you die in singleplayer.

<TerminusEst13> ...I should probably make it so that if the grenade hits the ceiling/floor, then the crucifix should spawn flat instead of vertical. Hmm.

Implement shivers' new idle animation.

Hell Nobles need to be able to stop their splattering, online it's too easy to lag someone out.

Look at Trailblazer for how it adjusted the keyconf to put all the necessary keys at the top.

BFG10k thing.

PRIORITY:
18: Finish the specials for:
   ^ Frosthammer
   ^ BALANCE
20: Adapt Testament shotgun system for the Omen and Chaingun
24: Test, test, test online.
25: Update the metal jukebox/in-game credits/in-game changelog.
   ^ For the ModDB upload, include changelog/list of credits in .txt file.
   ^ Don't forget to remove the Messiah's code and save it for next build.


WOULD BE NICE:
3: Player sprites (Gundere is doing this - "It could be around two more weeks before these babies are up to video game quality. [...] I'm back to knocking out several frames a night so hopefully it won't be too much longer. The absolute worst case scenario is March 1st, however I will not miss that deadline by a minute, even if I must draw with broken fingers.")












2: Spread PSSSSHHHHHTTTTT blood sound to other constantly-bleeding deaths.
3: Implement Shivers' new Idle Animation/Mancubus death/Priest death/Baron death and edit/implement Mike's BD AV death.
4: Dramatic sheathing for all Kharon-by-itself specials--if enemies are killed with this, they wait until the sheathing or until a timer ends before dying.
5: Better throwing sound for the Legion special.
6: Menudef edit to put "READ THIS" on main menu.
7: cvar that doesn't remove meter when damaged
8: Tutorial map // Nahhhhhhhhhh, it'd be better to make a retro game manual.
9: sounds for the lamps and torches, nick Smooth Doom's candle.
10: Cacolantern/Abaddon replacements drop Heretic Claw Orbs
11: Skulltag armor/health bonuses aren't being replaced in Invasion?
12: Remove colors on Iron Maiden shot impacts.
13: Infinite Ammo display for the Arrogant weapons, along with images of their "ammo" type.
14: leileilol: But U Need Explosin Gif's For R_DrawTrans 0 People So I Can See The Level Better On My Slow Computer With Less Black Pixel On My SCreen From The Smoke Trail's.
15: <OnePunch-Man> Yo Term I was wondering something, why are all the style levels in white?
<OnePunch-Man> Wouldn't it be easier to distinguish them if they had different colors
16: Include the rest of the new Hae-Lin intro sounds.
17: Armor bar of the Iron Maiden should be integrated with the HUD.
19: Polish up the uppercut sequence so that it can be used at resting points (gun at rest, holding fire, etc)
21: Use HorrorMovieGuy's bloodless sprites to do bloodless launches for the pinky and Nobles. // Turns out Pinky's already is fine?
22: Sentinel should fire in long bursts, rather than constantly.


2: New sprites for the Iron Maiden gauntlets. (The_Riet is doing this) // Shivers did, too!
4: DevilDriver replacement for the Cyberdemon (Vinse is doing this)
5: Since Cacodemons are no longer in the mod, dead caco decorations should be replaced.
7: Casing ejection/Smoke effects on the guns.
8: Redone font on main menu options, restart New Game with "Rock n' Roll".
9: Better skull for main menu select icon, current looks fucked beyond fuck.